{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Ubuntu-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-latin\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Extendaword
\fs24 \
\
Programming and art (such as it is): Keith Bauer\
Testing: Ellie Nicholson, Seth Willits, #idevgames crew\
\
\
\
\
Dictionary based on 2+2gfreq.txt from 12dicts\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordlist.sourceforge.net/"}}{\fldrslt http://wordlist.sourceforge.net/}}\
Created by Alan Beale based upon AGID by Kevin Atkinson; License follows\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Bangers.ttf is \'a9 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://profiles.google.com/vernnobile/about"}}{\fldrslt Vernon Adams}}, released under the SIL OFL 1.1; License follows\
Ubuntu-Medium.ttf is \'a9 Dalton Maag, released under the Ubuntu Font License 1.0; License follows\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 AGID License:\
\
  Copyright 2000 by Kevin Atkinson\
\
  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this database,\
  the associated scripts, the output created form the scripts and its\
  documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\
  provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and\
  that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\
  supporting documentation. Kevin Atkinson makes no representations\
  about the suitability of this array for any purpose. It is provided\
  "as is" without express or implied warranty.\
\
OFL 1.1:\
\
Copyright (c) <dates>, <Copyright Holder> (<URL|email>),\
with Reserved Font Name <Reserved Font Name>.\
Copyright (c) <dates>, <additional Copyright Holder> (<URL|email>),\
with Reserved Font Name <additional Reserved Font Name>.\
Copyright (c) <dates>, <additional Copyright Holder> (<URL|email>).\
\
This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.\
This license is copied below, and is also available with a FAQ at:\
http://scripts.sil.org/OFL\
\
\
-----------------------------------------------------------\
SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007\
-----------------------------------------------------------\
\
PREAMBLE\
The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide\
development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation\
efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and\
open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership\
with others.\
\
The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and\
redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The\
fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, \
redistributed and/or sold with any software provided that any reserved\
names are not used by derivative works. The fonts and derivatives,\
however, cannot be released under any other type of license. The\
requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply\
to any document created using the fonts or their derivatives.\
\
DEFINITIONS\
"Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright\
Holder(s) under this license and clearly marked as such. This may\
include source files, build scripts and documentation.\
\
"Reserved Font Name" refers to any names specified as such after the\
copyright statement(s).\
\
"Original Version" refers to the collection of Font Software components as\
distributed by the Copyright Holder(s).\
\
"Modified Version" refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting,\
or substituting -- in part or in whole -- any of the components of the\
Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a\
new environment.\
\
"Author" refers to any designer, engineer, programmer, technical\
writer or other person who contributed to the Font Software.\
\
PERMISSION & CONDITIONS\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\
a copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify,\
redistribute, and sell modified and unmodified copies of the Font\
Software, subject to the following conditions:\
\
1) Neither the Font Software nor any of its individual components,\
in Original or Modified Versions, may be sold by itself.\
\
2) Original or Modified Versions of the Font Software may be bundled,\
redistributed and/or sold with any software, provided that each copy\
contains the above copyright notice and this license. These can be\
included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or\
in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or\
binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user.\
\
3) No Modified Version of the Font Software may use the Reserved Font\
Name(s) unless explicit written permission is granted by the corresponding\
Copyright Holder. This restriction only applies to the primary font name as\
presented to the users.\
\
4) The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or the Author(s) of the Font\
Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any\
Modified Version, except to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the\
Copyright Holder(s) and the Author(s) or with their explicit written\
permission.\
\
5) The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole,\
must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be\
distributed under any other license. The requirement for fonts to\
remain under this license does not apply to any document created\
using the Font Software.\
\
TERMINATION\
This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are\
not met.\
\
DISCLAIMER\
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF\
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT\
OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\
COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\
DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\
FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM\
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa380

\fs48 \cf0 UBUNTU FONT LICENCE Version 1.0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs38 \cf0 PREAMBLE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 This licence allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and redistributed freely. The fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, and redistributed provided the terms of this licence are met. The fonts and derivatives, however, cannot be released under any other licence. The requirement for fonts to remain under this licence does not require any document created using the fonts or their derivatives to be published under this licence, as long as the primary purpose of the document is not to be a vehicle for the distribution of the fonts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs38 \cf0 DEFINITIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 "Font Software" refers to the set of files released by the Copyright Holder(s) under this licence and clearly marked as such. This may include source files, build scripts and documentation.\
"Original Version" refers to the collection of Font Software components as received under this licence.\
"Modified Version" refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting, or substituting \'97 in part or in whole \'97 any of the components of the Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a new environment.\
"Copyright Holder(s)" refers to all individuals and companies who have a copyright ownership of the Font Software.\
"Substantially Changed" refers to Modified Versions which can be easily identified as dissimilar to the Font Software by users of the Font Software comparing the Original Version with the Modified Version.\
To "Propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification and with or without charging a redistribution fee), making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs38 \cf0 PERMISSION & CONDITIONS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 This licence does not grant any rights under trademark law and all such rights are reserved.\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Font Software, to propagate the Font Software, subject to the below conditions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Each copy of the Font Software must contain the above copyright notice and this licence. These can be included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user.\
{\listtext	2.	}The font name complies with the following:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}The Original Version must retain its name, unmodified.\
{\listtext	b.	}Modified Versions which are Substantially Changed must be renamed to avoid use of the name of the Original Version or similar names entirely.\
{\listtext	c.	}Modified Versions which are not Substantially Changed must be renamed to both\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	i.	}retain the name of the Original Version and\
{\listtext	ii.	}add additional naming elements to distinguish the Modified Version from the Original Version. The name of such Modified Versions must be the name of the Original Version, with "derivative X" where X represents the name of the new work, appended to that name.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	d.	}The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) and any contributor to the Font Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any Modified Version, except\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	i.	}as required by this licence,\
{\listtext	ii.	}to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or\
{\listtext	iii.	}with their explicit written permission.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	e.	}The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole, must be distributed entirely under this licence, and must not be distributed under any other licence. The requirement for fonts to remain under this licence does not affect any document created using the Font Software, except any version of the Font Software extracted from a document created using the Font Software may only be distributed under this licence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs38 \cf0 TERMINATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 This licence becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are not met.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360

\fs38 \cf0 DISCLAIMER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\fs32 \cf0 THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a9 2010 Canonical Ltd. Ubuntu and Canonical are registered trademarks of Canonical Ltd.
\fs24 \
}